Title: Services

----

Summary: We aim to humanise digital in the enterprise. We do this by designing meaningful, innovative and scalable solutions, and through education and training.

----

Services: 

- 
  name: Explore service innovations
  blurb: Service design
  description: >
    Kick-start innovation in your
    organisation. We offer leading-edge
    service design thinking to help you
    explore new ideas and design better
    services for your customers. Our
    projects have ranged from 1-day
    innovation workshops to helping
    multinationals build a service design
    practice in their organisation.
  clients: >
    Telenor Norway, IE Singapore, Ministry
    of Manpower and more
  case: |
    ### How might we improve the onboarding process for new officers?
    We held a 1-day service innovation workshop with the process owners and new staff to co-design the onboarding journey. By the end of the workshop, we had identified more than 10 improvement concepts that could be developed into solutions.
  body:
- 
  name: Design large websites
  blurb: Enterprise websites
  description: >
    Enterprise websites are big and
    messy—exactly the kind of problem we
    love to tackle. With our deep experience
    in user research, information
    architecture, content strategy,
    interaction design, visual design and
    front-end development, we can help you
    tame the complexity and arrive at a
    scalable and sustainable solution.
  clients: >
    PayPal, SingTel, Singapore Management
    University, Ministry of Manpower and
    more
  case: |
    ### How might we motivate people to use the website instead of calling the helplines for general matters?
    We helped design and create over 2,000 pages of content and interactions that were easily findable and gave quick, direct answers.
  body:
- 
  name: Design enterprise apps
  blurb: Enterprise apps
  description: >
    Enterprise apps solve a specific problem
    for users. We can take you all the way
    from identifying the right problem to
    designing and creating the app for
    desktop, tablet or phone.
  clients: >
    Great Eastern Life, Ministry of
    Manpower, WDA Singapore, DSTA Singapore
    and more
  case: |
    ### How might we design a seamless, consistent experience across 80 apps?
    A client wanted to design 80 apps across different work scenarios. We identified key user stories and designed a system of interaction patterns and a guidebook used build the apps in a consistent manner for desktop and tablet.
  body:
- 
  name: Design digital workplace solutions
  blurb: Digital workplaces
  description: >
    Digital workplaces don’t just happen;
    they need to be designed and planned. We
    have expertise in designing digital
    workplace solutions around search,
    project management, collaboration,
    knowledge bases and enterprise apps.
  clients: >
    Huawei China, WDA Singapore, MTI
    Singapore and more
  case: |
    ### How might we use metadata and taxonomy to make information findable and and actionable?
    An enterprise client wanted to restructure their knowledge base to take advantage of metadata and taxonomy. We helped create a system for defining and designing content types for the knowledge base and created interfaces to help staff explore, find and understand the information.
  body:
- 
  name: Train in-house teams
  blurb: In-house training
  description: 'Finding time to catch up on digital trends can be daunting. We have a sweet answer to this problem: informal sharing sessions. Just call us and one of our experts can meet your team for a 1-hour sharing session on any of the following topics:'
  clients: >
    SingHealth, WDA Singapore, CapitaLand
    and more
  case:
  body: |
    * Understanding a people-centred approach to design
    * Understanding user research
    * Using taxonomy and metadata
    * Designing content for large websites
    * Introduction to intranets and digital workplaces
    * Improving the search experience
    * Designing for conversion
    * Measuring and testing the performance of a website or application